---
layout: post
title: '3.5.System Data Requirements Analysis'
date: 2023-05-11 10:49:33 +0800
categories: Notes
---

## 3.5.System Data Requirements Analysis

System data analysis refers to the collection, processing, and analysis of data generated within a software system to understand information about the system's performance, behavior, trends, and usage. This data can come from system logs, user interactions, performance testing, and other relevant data sources. System data analysis can help software development teams understand the operational status of the software system and make optimizations and improvements.

For the microservices e-commerce system project presented in this article, the following are the system data that need to be analyzed:

(1) User Data Analysis: Collect data about users, such as registration time, login frequency, geographical location, and order history. This data can be used to understand user behavior patterns, interests, and preferences, thus providing a better personalized experience.

(2) Product Data Analysis: Collect product-related data, such as sales volume, inventory level, price, and review ratings. This data can be used to evaluate product popularity, predict sales trends, and optimize pricing strategies.

(3) Order Data Analysis: Collect data about orders, such as the number of orders, order amount, and order status. This data can be used to optimize supply chain and logistics management and provide useful information about order status.

(4) Website Traffic and Conversion Rate Analysis: Collect data on website visits, page views, bounce rates, and conversion rates. This data can be used to optimize website design, improve marketing strategies, and increase user conversion rates.

(5) User Feedback Data Analysis: Collect user feedback and review data, and perform sentiment analysis to understand user attitudes towards products and services. This data can be used to improve product design and provide better customer support.

(6) Security Data Analysis: Collect data on security incidents and attacks, such as failed login attempts, malicious activities, and security vulnerabilities. This data can be used to detect and prevent future security issues and enhance system security.
