---
layout: post
title: '7.2.Reflections'
date: 2023-07-23 10:49:33 +0800
categories: Notes
---

## 7.2.Reflections

During the process of completing this graduation project (thesis), I deeply realized the importance of research and practice. Through the design and implementation of the microservices e-commerce system, I have learned a lot about software engineering and system architecture and have also gained practical experience in using various technologies and tools.
Firstly, I have learned how to conduct system design and architecture. When designing the microservices e-commerce system, I needed to consider factors such as scalability, maintainability, and reliability. By dividing and designing different modules, I ultimately achieved an efficient, reliable, and easy-to-maintain system.
Secondly, this graduation project (thesis) has been an important experience for me, allowing me to recognize my shortcomings and motivating me to continually improve my abilities. Through this process, I have not only acquired professional knowledge and skills but, more importantly, I have developed my learning ability, thinking ability, and problem-solving skills, which are all beneficial for my future career development.
In conclusion, this graduation project (thesis) is a significant part of my four years in university. It has not only enabled me to learn a great deal of knowledge and skills but has also made me aware of my potential and areas for improvement. In my future work, I will continuously strive to enhance my abilities and lay a solid foundation for my professional career.
