---
layout: post
title: '4.2.4.Product Catalog Service'
date: 2023-02-03 10:49:33 +0800
categories: Notes
---

### 4.2.4.Product Catalog Service

(1) Service Name: Product Catalog Service

(2) Function Description: This microservice provides product catalog information such as product name, description, and price. Client applications can retrieve product information by calling this service.

(3) Get Product Information Interface Definition:

Input Parameters:

Product ID (productId): String representing the ID of the product for retrieving product information.
Output Parameters:

Product Name: String representing the name of the product.

Product Description: String representing the description of the product.

Product Price: Float representing the price of the product.

(4) Architecture Design:
Utilize a RESTful API design pattern to send requests for retrieving product information to the server using the HTTP protocol for request transmission and processing.

Store product catalog information in a MongoDB database for persistent storage and efficient retrieval.

Use Redis as a cache store, with product information as the value and product ID as the key, to enable fast retrieval and caching of product information.

(5) Error Handling:

In case of a failed request to retrieve product information, return appropriate error information, including error codes and descriptions, to enable clients to handle error scenarios correctly.

Employ logging techniques to record and monitor runtime errors and exceptions, facilitating troubleshooting and issue localization by operations personnel.
